app/guides/working-with-types/page.mdx, before:

# Working with Types

Typing the queues and runners will help prevent you from misusing Sidetrack, like inserting a job on a nonexistent queue, or inserting a job with an invalid payload. Following the types will improve your developer experience.

To get started, pass in the type for Sidetrack's constructor. This type is an object with keys that match your queue names, and values that are the type of the payload for that queue. For example, if you have a queue called userOnboarding, and the payload is an object with an email property, you can type your queues like this:

```ts
type QueueNamesAndPayloads = {
  userOnboarding: { email: string };
};
```

The type of your payload must only use JSON serializable values, since the job payload will be persisted in the DB as `JSONB`.

Here is the full example:

```ts twoslash include main
import { Sidetrack } from "sidetrack";

type QueueNamesAndPayloads = {
  userOnboarding: { email: string };
};

const sidetrack = new Sidetrack<QueueNamesAndPayloads>({
  databaseOptions: {
    databaseUrl: process.env["DATABASE_URL"]!,
  },
  queues: {
    userOnboarding: {
      run: async (payload, context) => {
        console.log(`Welcome ${payload.email}`);
      },
    },
  },
});
```

Notice how the run function receives a job. This job contains a `payload` key which will be typed to match your payload types above. The job also contains other fields you can use in your run function (e.g. the job's id, scheduledAt, status, currentAttempt, etc.)

## Avoiding errors

You can insert a job on only the userOnboarding queue. Notice the type error if I try inserting on a queue that doesn't exist.

```ts twoslash
// @include: main
// ---cut---
// @errors: 2345
sidetrack.insertJob("reports", { email: "a@example.com" });
```

Types also prevent you from inserting a job with incorrect payload. Notice I must pass a email of type string.

```ts twoslash
// @include: main
// ---cut---
// @errors: 2353
sidetrack.insertJob("userOnboarding", { phone: "11111111111" });
```

## Reusable Types

Sidetrack exports most of the types it uses internally, so you can easily type your runners and queues. For example, if you have a queue called `userOnboarding`, you can type your runner like this:

```ts twoslash
import { Sidetrack, SidetrackQueues } from "sidetrack";

type QueueNamesAndPayloads = {
  userOnboarding: { email: string };
};

const queues: SidetrackQueues<QueueNamesAndPayloads> = {
  userOnboarding: {
    run: async (payload, context) => {
      console.log(`Welcome ${payload.email}`);
    },
  },
};

const sidetrack = new Sidetrack<QueueNamesAndPayloads>({
  databaseOptions: {
    databaseUrl: process.env["DATABASE_URL"]!,
  },
  queues,
});
```

Notice how the `SidetrackQueues` helper type lets you type your queues before you pass them in to the constructor, so you can also re-use them.

Commit message:

docs: improve verbiage around jsonb column

app/guides/working-with-types/page.mdx, after:

# Working with Types

Typing the queues and runners will help prevent you from misusing Sidetrack, like inserting a job on a nonexistent queue, or inserting a job with an invalid payload. Following the types will improve your developer experience.

To get started, pass in the type for Sidetrack's constructor. This type is an object with keys that match your queue names, and values that are the type of the payload for that queue. For example, if you have a queue called userOnboarding, and the payload is an object with an email property, you can type your queues like this:

```ts
type QueueNamesAndPayloads = {
  userOnboarding: { email: string };
};
```

The type of your payload must only use JSON serializable values (unless using a [payload transformer](https://sidetrack.run/guides/configuring-queues#payloadtransformer)), since the job payload will be persisted in the database in a column with the `JSONB` datatype.

Here is the full example:

```ts twoslash include main
import { Sidetrack } from "sidetrack";

type QueueNamesAndPayloads = {
  userOnboarding: { email: string };
};

const sidetrack = new Sidetrack<QueueNamesAndPayloads>({
  databaseOptions: {
    databaseUrl: process.env["DATABASE_URL"]!,
  },
  queues: {
    userOnboarding: {
      run: async (payload, context) => {
        console.log(`Welcome ${payload.email}`);
      },
    },
  },
});
```

Notice how the run function receives a job. This job contains a `payload` key which will be typed to match your payload types above. The job also contains other fields you can use in your run function (e.g. the job's id, scheduledAt, status, currentAttempt, etc.)

## Avoiding errors

You can insert a job on only the userOnboarding queue. Notice the type error if I try inserting on a queue that doesn't exist.

```ts twoslash
// @include: main
// ---cut---
// @errors: 2345
sidetrack.insertJob("reports", { email: "a@example.com" });
```

Types also prevent you from inserting a job with incorrect payload. Notice I must pass a email of type string.

```ts twoslash
// @include: main
// ---cut---
// @errors: 2353
sidetrack.insertJob("userOnboarding", { phone: "11111111111" });
```

## Reusable Types

Sidetrack exports most of the types it uses internally, so you can easily type your runners and queues. For example, if you have a queue called `userOnboarding`, you can type your runner like this:

```ts twoslash
import { Sidetrack, SidetrackQueues } from "sidetrack";

type QueueNamesAndPayloads = {
  userOnboarding: { email: string };
};

const queues: SidetrackQueues<QueueNamesAndPayloads> = {
  userOnboarding: {
    run: async (payload, context) => {
      console.log(`Welcome ${payload.email}`);
    },
  },
};

const sidetrack = new Sidetrack<QueueNamesAndPayloads>({
  databaseOptions: {
    databaseUrl: process.env["DATABASE_URL"]!,
  },
  queues,
});
```

Notice how the `SidetrackQueues` helper type lets you type your queues before you pass them in to the constructor, so you can also re-use them.
