pages/why-sidetrack.mdx, before:

# Why Sidetrack?

## Motivation

After working on a handful of applications, we couldn't find a library in the TypeScript/JavaScript ecosystem for working with background jobs that was database-backed and TypeScript-first. The most popular job processing libraries in the ecosystem use Redis, which is a great tool, but we wanted to use a database that we were already using in our applications. We wanted to be able to use TypeScript to define our jobs and have a great developer experience. Additionally, databases allow for transactional guarantees, so we can avoid inserting jobs into the queue if the transaction fails.

Our focus is on relational databases, namely PostgreSQL, but we are open to supporting other relational databases in the future. This would make us the first database-backed job processing library in the Node.js ecosystem that we know of to support more than PostgreSQL.

We love using [Effect-TS](https://effect.website/), and had to create internal wrappers around other libraries to make them work with Effect-TS. We wanted to create a library that was built with Effect in mind, and that would allow us to use Effect.

This is the first open-source project we've worked on together, and we're excited to share it with you!

Commit message:

docs: more on why sidetrack

pages/why-sidetrack.mdx, after:

# Why Sidetrack?

## Motivation

Putting a job queue in a database sometimes gets a bad rap. It's often said that databases are not suited for queueing, or that they aren't scalable. We've found that a database-backed job queue can get you really far, and it's a great choice for a lot of new applications. We've used database-backed background job libraries in production for years, and have found that many of the recommendations given about job queue tools may only be necessary at a certain scale, much larger than your typical app.

After working on a handful of applications, we couldn't find a library in the TypeScript/JavaScript ecosystem for working with background jobs that was database-backed and TypeScript-first. The most popular job processing libraries in the ecosystem use Redis, which is a great tool, but we wanted to use a database that we were already using in our applications. We wanted to be able to use TypeScript to define our jobs and have a great developer experience. Additionally, databases allow for transactional guarantees, so we can avoid inserting jobs into the queue if the transaction fails.

Our focus is on relational databases, namely PostgreSQL, but we are open to supporting other relational databases in the future. This would make Sidetrack the first database-backed job processing library in the Node.js ecosystem that we know of to support more than one database (i.e. PostgreSQL).

We also love using [Effect-TS](https://effect.website/), and had to create internal wrappers around other libraries to make them work with Effect-TS. We wanted to create a library that was built with Effect in mind, and that would allow us to use Effect.

This is the first open-source project we've worked on together, and we're excited to share it with you!
